Update categoriesHighlights README (#296)
vtex-apps/store-components: react/components/CategoriesHighlights/README.md

# Categories Highlights

## Description

> Categories Highlights shows two or four categories in a lighlighted position in the store. This Component can be imported and used by any VTEX App.

Reviewer: `lighlighted `?

Reviewer: What do you think?

```suggestion
Categories Highlights shows two or four categories, in the form of an image, with a highlighted position in the store. This Component can be imported and used by any VTEX App.
```

Author: I wrote it this way: `Categories Highlights is a banner which shows two or four categories in a highlighted position in the store. This Component can be imported and used by any VTEX App.`

by saying it is a banner we imply that it has an image in it.

:loudspeaker: **Disclaimer:** Don't fork this project, use, contribute, or open issue with your feature request.

## Table of Contents
- [Usage](#usage)
  - [Configuration](#configuration)
  - [Styles API](#styles-api)
    - [CSS namespaces](#css-namespaces)

## Usage

You should follow the usage instruction in the main [README](https://github.com/vtex-apps/store-components/blob/master/README.md#usage).

To import it into your code: 
```js
import CategoriesHighlights from 'vtex.store-components/CategoriesHighlights'
```

You can use it in your code like a React component with the jsx tag: `<CategoriesHighlights />`. 
```jsx
<CategoriesHighlights
    categoriesHighlighted={ 
        categoryX: { name: 'X', image: 'Image X' }, 
        categoryY: { name: 'Y', image: 'Image Y' } 

>     } x

Reviewer: x?

Author: typing error. my bad.
